## How to contribute
Government employees, public and members of the private sector are encouraged to contribute to the repository by **forking and submitting a pull request**. 

(If you are new to GitHub, you might start with a [basic tutorial](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git) and  check out a more detailed guide to [pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).) Pull requests will be evaluated by the repository guardians on a schedule and if deemed beneficial will be committed to the master.

All contributors retain the original copyright to their stuff, but by contributing to this project, you grant a world-wide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable license to all users **under the terms of the license under which this project is distributed.**

(see the [README.MD](README.md) and [License](LICENSE) files for further information) For this repository contributions are submitted under the terms of Creative Commons 4.0 (CC BY)##Rapid AdoptionThis repository has issues that are tagged with a “rapid adoption” indicator. This opens up the opportunity for contributors to resolve these issues and upon acceptance receive consideration based upon the terms of the Rapid Adoption Plan. The Rapid Adoption Plan is available to members of the private sector (how to extend to public sector employees is under development).##Rapid Adoption PlanIssues in this repository flagged as “Rapid Adoption” are eligible for $5.00 Cdn upon acceptance.For this adoption plan, Pull Requests accepted by the Project Owner and committed to the master are eligible for payment of $5.00 Cdn within 30 days of acceptance to the PayPal account linked to your pull request.Further guidance on submitting a pull request is available here.Further description of the Rapid Adoption process is available here.##LicenseThis document is a work of the Government of British Columbia and licensed under the terms of the Creative Commons 4.0 BY license.This document is freely available for your use: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the CC BY License as published by Creative Commons, either version 4 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.You should have received a copy of the CC 4.0 BY license along with this project. If not, see https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode  